{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg932\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10120\viewh9660\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 DropLHa\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\fs28 \ul Description\

\b0\fs24 \ulnone DropLHa can create LHA archives quickly. Using DropLHa, you can create .lzh archives by simply dragging & dropping your files and folders onto the DropLHa icon.\
\

\b\fs28 \ul Using DropLHa\

\b0\fs24 \ulnone Files or folders can be archived by dragging their icons onto the DropLHa icon. After quit DropLHa, you will find newly .lzh file created on the Desktop. For more details, see DropLHa Help.\
\

\b\fs28 \ul Known Issues\

\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\'95 DropLHa cannot preserve resource fork. Because DropLHa creates archive by using LHa for UNIX command.\
\'95 DropLHa cannot create self-expanding archives.\
\'95 After abort creating archive, tempolary files left under /tmp directory.\
\

\b\fs28 \ul History\

\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
2.3.6 (2016/10/10)\
\'95 Update lha command (commit id: 792a675), fixed some bugs and vulnerabilities.\
\
2.3.5 (2004/10/2)\
\'95 Updated lha command to lha-1.14i-ac20040929 version.\
\'95 Fixed a bug that if destination is specified, archive will not create.\
\
2.3.4 (2004/9/25)\
\'95 When error happens during proccessing, error dialog will appear.\
\
2.3.3 (2004/9/19)\
\'95 Updated lha command to lha-1.14i-ac20040918 version.\
\
2.3.2 (2004/6/27)\
\'95 Fixed bugs of memory leak.\
\
2.3.1a (2004/5/17)\
\'95 Updated lha command to lha-1.14i-ac20040507 version.\
\
2.3.1 (2003/10/25)\
\'95 Updated lha command to lha-1.14i-ac20030921 version.\
\'95 Improved performance by using GCC 3.3 compiler.\
\'95 Added Help.\
\
2.3.0a (2003/6/21)\
\'95 Updated lha command to lha-1.14i-ac20030510 version.\
\'95 Updated document.\
\
2.3.0 (2003/5/22)\
\'95 Rewrote almost code and re-designed GUI.\
\'95 Added "Archive each item as individual archive" option.\
\'95 Added "Don't quit after compression" option.\
\'95 Though a task is runnning, you can abort it and quit immidiately.\
\
2.2.1 (2003/2/22)\
\'95 Fixed a bug that clashed when drop files during running.\
\'95 Build with December 2002 Developer Tools.\
\
2.2.0 (2002/12/8)\
\'95 Added "Include hidden files".\
\'95 Changed lha command to lha-1.14i-ac20021115 version.\
\
2.1.0a (2002/10/9)\
\'95 Correct README and Credit.\
\
2.1.0 (2002/10/6)\
\'95 Application icon wad added. Thanks to Toshikazu Fujiwara !\
\'95 Changed path of preference file. 2.1 don't read old preference. Please set again.\
\'95 Update lha command. Some bug was fixed.\
\'95 Build for Mac OS X v10.2.\
\
2.0.3a (2002/7/27)\
\'95 Update lha command. Some bug was fixed.\
\
2.0.3 (2002/6/29)\
\'95 Changed design of lha dialog.\
\'95 Update lha command. Some bug was fixed.\
\
2.0 (2002/5/26)\
\'95 Added function to abort creating archive.\
\'95 Removed function to create archives per items.\
\

\b\fs28 \ul License\

\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
See License.rtf.\
\

\b\fs28 \ul Thanks to\

\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
Application icon was designed by Toshikazu Fujiwara.\
\
Hiroto Sakai\
Mail: sakai@fan.gr.jp\
Web: http://www.fan.gr.jp/~sakai/\
}